docs: add auto-rotate-rke2-certs setting (#573)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/settings.md

/dev/sd*,/dev/hd*
```

## `auto-rotate-rke2-certs`

This setting allows you to rotate RKE2 certificates automatically. It's disable by default.
The field `expiringInHours` allows you to set when to rotate RKE2 certificates before they expire.
The valid range is from `1` to `8759` hours.

> 

Reviewer: Can we also include the RKE2 link for more info? Thanks.

Author: I think we have to use Rancher link since we rely on Rancher setting. WDYT?

https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/manage-clusters/rotate-certificates

Reviewer: Sounds great, but I suggest we put both, RKE2 page contains info of when the certs expire: https://docs.rke2.io/advanced#certificate-rotation

Author: Update it. Thanks.

/dev/sd*,/dev/hd*
```

> ## `auto-rotate-rke2-certs`

Reviewer: @FrankYang0529 Sorry, I think we can also add the starting version:

```
Versions: v1.3.0 and later
```

Author: Update it. Thanks.

/dev/sd*,/dev/hd*
```

## `auto-rotate-rke2-certs`

> This setting allows you to rotate RKE2 certificates automatically. It's disable by default.
> The field `expiringInHours` allows you to set when to rotate RKE2 certificates before they expire.
> The valid range is from `1` to `8759` hours.
> 
> Default: `{"enable":false,"expiringInHours":240}`
> 
> References:
> 
> * [Rancher - Certificate Rotation](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/manage-clusters/rotate-certificates)
> * [RKE2 - Certificate Rotation](https://docs.rke2.io/advanced#certificate-rotation)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting that allows you to automatically rotate certificates for RKE2 services. This setting is disabled by default.

Use the field `expiringInHours` to specify the validity period of each certificate (`1` to `8759` hours). Harvester automatically replaces the certificate before the specified period ends.

For more information, see the **Certificate Rotation** section of the [Rancher](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/manage-clusters/rotate-certificates) and [RKE2](https://docs.rke2.io/advanced#certificate-rotation) documentation.

**Default**: `{"enable":false,"expiringInHours":240}`
```

Author: Thanks for your suggestion. Applied it.
